README.md, before:

# Nyx - Portfolio v3

Nyx is my personal digital playground and the third iteration of my portfolio, designed to showcase my projects, experiments, and journey in web development.

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://abacus.jasoncameron.dev" target="_blank">
    <img height="20px" src="https://abacus.jasoncameron.dev/hit/jasoncameron/github-nyx/shield?font=jetbrains-mono&text=visits&bgcolor=e59b4f&color=48ACF0&style=flat-square" alt="Visitor Count"/>
  </a>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/JasonLovesDoggo/nyx?style=flat-square&logo=github&label=last%20commit" alt="GitHub last commit"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/JasonLovesDoggo/nyx?style=flat-square&color=blue" alt="GitHub license"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Svelte-v5-FF3E00?style=flat-square&logo=svelte" alt="Svelte"/>
</div>

## Inspirations

Nyx draws inspiration from various innovative websites and projects. To view my wild brainstorming process, check out the [Ideas board](https://notes.jasoncameron.dev/Website).

---

Thank you for visiting.

Commit message:

feat: update portfolio title and enhance closing message in README
Signed-off-by: Jason Cameron <git@jasoncameron.dev>

README.md, after:

# Nyx

Nyx is my personal digital playground and the third iteration of my portfolio, designed to showcase my projects, experiments, and journey in web development.

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://abacus.jasoncameron.dev" target="_blank">
    <img height="20px" src="https://abacus.jasoncameron.dev/hit/jasoncameron/github-nyx/shield?font=jetbrains-mono&text=visits&bgcolor=e59b4f&color=48ACF0&style=flat-square" alt="Visitor Count"/>
  </a>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/JasonLovesDoggo/nyx?style=flat-square&logo=github&label=last%20commit" alt="GitHub last commit"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/JasonLovesDoggo/nyx?style=flat-square&color=blue" alt="GitHub license"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Svelte-v5-FF3E00?style=flat-square&logo=svelte" alt="Svelte"/>
</div>

## Inspirations

Nyx draws inspiration from various innovative websites and projects. To view my wild brainstorming process, check out the [Ideas board](https://notes.jasoncameron.dev/Website).

---

Thank you for visiting — and please leave a ⭐ if you likey!
